this is our starship in a caravan
simulator
take some simulation flight and weapons
training but it will goes horribly
horribly wrong there in the aspects
there about affordable to planet by
axiom and I repair helicopter usually a
fire burn up in the atmosphere
jolly Lister this about two and a half
months to build which we started with a
caravan stripped out the inside and put
in a load of computers Tech and pretty
much anything we had lying around our
hack space and you end up with a pretty
good simulating so far pretty much
everyone loves it even though success
rate on it is a bit low
yeah we die I Jam signal
I go wrong so it awarded us an excuse we
take a list to pretty much every Mini
Maker Faire around the UK tech
conferences and maybe a street near you